README.md, before:

bunyan-syslog is a stream for [bunyan](https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan)
that consumes `raw` records from bunyan and sends them to a syslog server.

# Installation

    npm install bunyan-syslog

# Usage

```javascript
var bunyan = require('bunyan');
var bsyslog = require('bunyan-syslog');

var log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: 'foo',
	streams: [ {
		level: 'debug',
		type: 'raw',
		stream: bsyslog.createBunyanStream({
			type: 'sys',
			facility: bsyslog.local0,
			host: '192.168.0.1',
			port: 514
		})
	}]
});

log.debug({foo: 'bar'}, 'hello %s', 'world');
```
That's pretty much it.  You create a syslog stream, and point it at a syslog
server (UDP by default; you can force TCP by setting `type: tcp` in the
constructor); default is to use facility `user` and a syslog server on
`127.0.0.1:514`.  Note you *must* pass `type: 'raw'` to bunyan in the top-level
stream object or this won't work.

## Mappings

This module maps bunyan levels to syslog levels as follows:

```
+--------+--------+
| Bunyan | Syslog |
+--------+--------+
| fatal  | emerg  |
+--------+--------+
| error  | error  |
+--------+--------+
| warn   | warn   |
+--------+--------+
| info   | info   |
+--------+--------+
| *      | debug  |
+--------+--------+
```

## Format

The output format can be set through the `format` option in the constructor. Available levels are:

- "json": Default. Log entries are sent as JSON.
- "simple": Only the `message` is logged as string.

# License

MIT.

Commit message:

First implementation of a "short" format (message as string, extras as JSON)

README.md, after:

bunyan-syslog is a stream for [bunyan](https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan)
that consumes `raw` records from bunyan and sends them to a syslog server.

# Installation

    npm install bunyan-syslog

# Usage

```javascript
var bunyan = require('bunyan');
var bsyslog = require('bunyan-syslog');

var log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: 'foo',
	streams: [ {
		level: 'debug',
		type: 'raw',
		stream: bsyslog.createBunyanStream({
			type: 'sys',
			facility: bsyslog.local0,
			host: '192.168.0.1',
			port: 514
		})
	}]
});

log.debug({foo: 'bar'}, 'hello %s', 'world');
```
That's pretty much it.  You create a syslog stream, and point it at a syslog
server (UDP by default; you can force TCP by setting `type: tcp` in the
constructor); default is to use facility `user` and a syslog server on
`127.0.0.1:514`.  Note you *must* pass `type: 'raw'` to bunyan in the top-level
stream object or this won't work.

## Mappings

This module maps bunyan levels to syslog levels as follows:

```
+--------+--------+
| Bunyan | Syslog |
+--------+--------+
| fatal  | emerg  |
+--------+--------+
| error  | error  |
+--------+--------+
| warn   | warn   |
+--------+--------+
| info   | info   |
+--------+--------+
| *      | debug  |
+--------+--------+
```

## Format

The output format can be set through the `format` option in the constructor. Available levels are:

- "json": Default. Log entries are sent as JSON.
- "short": Log the `message` as string and additional properties as JSON.
- "simple": Only the `message` is logged as string.

# License

MIT.
